Adriano's work as an artist goes here:

Type: Musical Album.
Genre: Pure and unapolagetically melancholic cyberrock
Name: the stages of numbness.
Songs
1- 
Title: Wimpy, pathetic and miserable.
Desc: I hate sadness. I hate that Im sad and the fact that other people dont let me be sad. I have no motivation, the girls think I am a wimp, my teachers think I am lazy, my parents thing I am lazy and my friends think I am a pathetic loser. All of them are sucessful and cool and I am just a loser! Why cant I just stop being like this! Its painful and bad!
2-
Title: The devil's syrup (the solution!)
Desc: The devil hears the loser boy's incessant pleading and self mourning. Tells him: "you are not dead my son! just... ignore it! its all just useless banter diferent corners of your brain are having! If you ignore it all will be fine! trust me! and believe me! The boy tries some of the dreaded syrup. He realises: You are soo right! Ever since I started, I am sucessful, I am motivated, the girls look at me, the boys laugh with, not at me, the teachers praised me... this is amazing! Thank you!
3-
Title: The spoils of the numbness and ignorance
Desc: I live! I laugh! I have fun! This is so cool! I finally have clarity! I can work and have sucess! The girls flirt with me! I feel so free! Summer love is good! I feel so freeeeeee! My reason is unparalleled, I am responsible. My parents compare my siblings to me, not the other way around! My crush noticed me! My motivation is unstoppable! I am almost... Godly! I am not weak anymore! Im not a weak loser anymore! I changed! I am different! I will never ever give up now! My life is the best out there!
4-
Title: Cracks? I fixed them! I fix them! I am indestructible!
Desc: Sometimes, I wonder: "Does any of this actually matter?" "Why am I even doing any of this?" "I am now reasonable. And?" But I learned to ignore them like it told me! I learned that partying is the real solution to all of this! If I drink until I passout and get hospitalized, my friends will praise me even more! And my brain will get so strong that I can barely read it! The thoughts move by so fast! And my grades keep improving! And I started to speak with this girl who I think  Im in love with! She even said that I am a true 10/10!!!!! Im so happy with myself!
5-
Title: The thoughts got stronger... Its fine! Right...?
Desc: The thoughts get stronger and more confusing everyday... I started dreaming of my old life... I fear I am... becoming a loser..
 again...? I am not a loser! I cant be! I just have to work harder! I had dropped all my bad habits... exept one! I still drew porn cartoons, (that I kept hidden, of course) that included this girl named "Tipo". Thats embarassing, you are right... but... who said that? Not me, right? Thats still what losers do? who Said that????!!!!! I did not hear anyone!!!!! People cant know that I am a crazy lunatic that draws porn and self pampers! no one must know! Ill work harder! and harder! AND HARDER!
6-
Title: I masturbated for 10 hours straight. And i am not even ashamed. and it felt good.
Desc: I dont know what to say... Am  I still not cool? How can people do this? Anyway, Ill work harder... right? RIGHT! I HAVE TO OVERCOME THE WEAKNESS! I AM STRONG! I AM STRONG! You are not ignoring yourself enough, Adriano! Stop pampering yourself! Never show emotion! Thats what losers do! Specially not Anger like a disgusting incel! Or melancholy like a pathetic emo goth femboy! got it?! Ok... Everything is good!
7-
Title: Whats a thought? What is an emotion? Arent they the same?
Desc: I cant feel my limbs... I cant feel my face... Im just a moth aimlessly looking for light... I dont feed myself, I dont pamper myself... I just have strong thoughts and stuff... right? But my core is burning with the acid of my repressed weakness...This must... stop. Now.
8-
Title: This is where I face my useless thoughts... with facts!
Desc: Go away! I am not wimp!!!! Not a wimp, not a wimp, not a wimp!!!!! The girls cant see me as a coward who says edgy shit! A pathetic non-religious atheist nihilist cringelord!!!!! I am not a loser! I cant... let my mind... take control... Ok... it said these pills in case I lose, right? I wont lose though... It believes it me! I cant let it down!
9- 
Title: Mother... is proud of me? Also... Father? They are not here. But... they are telling me... Its a dead end... Where are they? I hurt... everywhere...
Desc: Son. Run away. Its okay. Run away. Run away to where people accept you. Keep running. Dont stop. When you reach the coast, smell the fish you shall feed on, the wet wood of the docks where boats that take you to distant lands shall park (or whatever boats do), the people with whom you will have beautiful adventures. Its okay... to suffer, its okay, to feel like making a fit, because life is unfair. Its okay... to simply not be happy with life. Its also okay and normal... to suck at it. Wake up. Wake up to a new kind of happiness... And... Im sorry. Good bye son. Have a nice trip wherever you decide to go.
10-
Title: End of the road.
Desc: I cant take this anymore. Its too mutch!!!! My thoughts... cant tell apart anger from sadness I was not built to be that way. sorry everyone. I am not strong like you. goodnight world....



Type: Musical Single
Genre: Maidcore
Title: Yakui the Maid - Radiostalking (vocal cover)
Desc: My spine is an antenna, my hair spikes up when near them, I get rash from the panic, I sweat and cry and blush and hyperventilate. My consciousness pours straight out of me and into the minds of them! Nothing is sacred or private anymore! I sit alone in my room and they know! I masturbate and they know! I am an incel and they know! The stream of consciousness flowing out of me is broadcasted to everyone else. It is broadcasted to the entire village! I am the emo school shooting weirdo! "Excuse me... that is offensive! I never even picked up a gun before! Can you stop calling me a school shooter on twitter, please?" "But... you are!" "Why?" "See? your even too dumb to notice! He is a lost cause guys! Just ignore him!" Ok idk what to type here, I dont know if this is real... I am just over dramnatic... Everyone is depressed... and stuff I am not special... My struggles are not real... whatever just gonna send it...

Type: Musical Single
Genre: Melancholy in the background, dissing misery in the foreground. And one hell of a good time.
Title: Tortricidae - Yakui the Maid (Rap cover)
Desc: Ok. Listen carefully, as I am tired of telling this to myself (as I keep forgetting). This is for all the spineless moths and mere survivors of this world! Sing with me so you can realise your dreams and not be turned into a pack by your regrets! 3... 2... 1!!!! From Lourinha to Lisbon its allways been the same! Shaving away at happiness to give myself the illusion of duty! Yeah, then weep in agony as I forget all my past traditions and gratitude (who told you being happy was hard?). I realised a long time ago that your brain is allways correct and your best friend! But thats at 25 celsius! Its basically a huge lie and I can prove it! It basically just involves this simple process: Be quiet. Does your brain stop when you ask it to? Do you stop suffering when It gets  to just the right temperature? Of course not! To stop merely existing, ignore your most basic desires! Drop them! Ive learned Moths are symbols of melancholy because all they do is chase brighter and brighter lights! To get to your core, shave everything off! All that you dont need! And then watch as you move around like a hunter gazele! Jump! Run! Work! Play! All with less weight to carry! Better bang for your buck, yeah! Become dragonflies! Are you ready to die, now?

https://t.me/addstickers/ShottyPack


Idea for a maid: 
She does sports. Playful, confident and athletic. Music captures an hedonistic, but playful and assertive vibe. Has elements of 2000's shakira music, Brazzilian funk and drum and bass. She is called Filipa the maid. Dances inside catastrophies as she looks down on her own misery with pity
Celebrates when the other team scores and invites opponents to join on her teams celebrations. Likes to date opponents after matches. Very... naughty. Acidgvrl, but with a healthy personality


Title: I ran away from the light so I could feed myself (feat. Tomas)
Type: Musical Album.
Genre: Life experimentation
1:
Title: Other moths (intro).
Desc: I left the circles other moths created for me, so I could taste the true wisdom.
2:
Title: Falling (wingless)
Desc: I am now a wingless dragon fly. I dont hear any sounds, just my first time, alone, with the suspance and fear inducing deafening silence of introspection. It feels... sweet. Conforting. But unstable. For now, I have to make sure I survive, find my wings. I am weak, afraid, but hungry.
3: 
Title: Wings!
Desc: Found them. Thats a relief. But I dont know how to flap them. No one told me. No moth warned me. Not even my parents. Not even the wise voice that motivated me. What do I do, if I cant fly? I will die... but... somehow... i am not scared... not one bit.
4:
Title: Use your hunger!
Desc: I know to flap these wings, just dont have the energy. I must remind myself of my hunger, and not distract myself. They feel heavy, like tennis rackets, but they hit hard. But where... do I go? What is even the point in this? Being a moth? Being a dragonfly? What are all these labels even for? What am I suposed to do now? I dont know... where to go...
5:
Title: Follow em!
Desc: I dont wanna follow anybody! But I sometimes see some dragonflies that are stronger and... really want to see for what reason they fly so high and so fast! But... its the only clue I have. I must not succumb to ignorance and arrogance and must do everything, to saciate myself. Off we go.
6:
Title: Existing.
Desc: I found a dragonfly that flies very high, but also cries. He saw I was small, so gave me a bit of his meal, and said: Make sure this is the last time! People here are strong, you say? That is all a lie! The strong ones are an exception. You compare yourself to your moths. But moths believe even the winds could desintegrate them, until they first feel the light turning off. You've done nothing special, not like this life is not hard or challenging. We are all equally, immensly burdened and all deep down wish it would all end. But when you feel that way, you can do what moths mock you about: crying. you may think it will only slow you down. But you only say that because you've never experienced true pain. Not...necessarly meaning you only know low ammounts of pain. Just... meaning that you never felt the kind of pain you can cry to, then consume your own tears, and get even hungrier. And also, if you see a fellow wounded, remember to help them cry. But do not pity. That will get rid of your hunger, and you will starve from ignorance. And if someone shares a meal, help them carry the burden of pain. You wont get stronger. But you will get lighter.
7:
Title: Double edged sword.
Desc: I got my second meal. I found it at the same time as a old and wise Dragonfly that told me, as we were eating: "Cast immaginary ranking aside and learn how to truly survive. Imagination is a sharp and durable double edged sword. It creates ambition, but also hopelessness. Empathy, but also pity and arrogance. It creates. It destroys. It exists as a wave you need to learn how to surf on. You also cannot rely on it... for validation and satisfaction. You need... to earn them. But you can create a safe haven for yourself, where you define all that you think should support you... your values... your beliefs... your path. That is way more important. You should also replace them and verify their integrities adequately. You need this... so you can find the right meals. Not every meal is gonna make you stronger. But not eating will for sure make you weaker. You should also not experiment randomly, as that wastes your time and your energy. Here is a suggestion:  You should allways believe in your foundations, if you are not ready to tear them down and start over. That will give you stability and save energy."
8:
Title: Boring.
Desc: I cannot keep going. Its allways the same thing! Nothing is surprising... Why do people keep advertising this as exciting? Its not a rat race, Its not partying, its not infinit consolation, nor infinite harsh loud conversations with monsters who invalidate you. Its... so mild and lukewarm. Should you just... do this everyday? When does it end? I dont want to stop... but I m also fed up...
9:
Title: True color.
Desc: This feeling I sometimes get, as I zone out submerged in boredom with marine and grey tones, of suddently seeing out of water, as my body rejoices every micro breeze... Every nuance. I see... everything. I have xray! I drop the current meal and drop my wings! I fabricate new stronger ones and go fly into walls, shattering them! The most beatiful tones engulf and submerge me! I can fly... so fast! I hunt, I feast! I rejoice in my new found powers. I grow half my previous size and still want more! I see all visible and invisible colours! I am old and I am young! I am strong and I flood the outside with tears! It stops...after lasting for a day. But I cherish those moments with care and will do so until the very end.
10:
Title: Its all a cycle (outro).
Desc: Nothing about life ever really changes, deep down. Change is just a novices way of saying discovery. And sometimes... just... acknowledgement. Life is both mundane and exciting. Sometimes both. Sometimes neither. Everyone helps. Everyone ignores. Its cruel and solidary. Soldiers and addicts dance in complementary positions, keeping eachother in their minds, to remind themselves that a good life requires friction. I just wish I found someone that I appreciate even if, in the end, its just an acessory. We are all acessories. I just wish I knew who that voice was, to thank it. I am now at my peak. I need to embrace  that life is only eternal in our collective memories, and those moments where time stops, and those moments where we stop. I still dont know what any of it means, but I care less and less everyday.




Type: Skit
Title: ahagsgwhwgahagsjsgwhsgsjsgsjscshsgsksgsjgssjsvejfwejsvsjsgehsbshshshsvdkdjdkfhpdkdldpe2u28272uwheg2g2y2u162t2fwgwgwhshejsiwhwwjejei2817272uwhe0wywiwhwhshej (feat. Sofia)
Desc:
Adriano: I allways wonder... am I overreacting? Are all my emotions just non remarkable problems I should just suck up and move on? Am I being unfair to actually struggling people by reacting so childishly? My mother died, My life does not stop spiraling, I have enemies! I have adversity ok? Im sorry if I dont have enough adversity... But I am just this strong! I need to cry! I need to throw fits and yell "UNFAIR! UNFAIR!" But... am I overreacting?
Sofia- You know... your problems are common... your crying is pretty over the top, you are intolerant to minimal disconfort and you are very, very sensitive. But... you are just so cruel... with yourself! No, once again, your problems are unremarkable. But who cares? Who. Cares?! Of course you can cry loudly, Adriano? Your also so lonely... your senses scream in agony and remind you about 100 ways you can die every hour! Your life does not stop poundinf on you! You dont care about anything else... you just want it to stop and yet... keep going. You are strong! I pretty much resigned and limit myself to being a vegetable!
Adriano- What fault do you have? You were created, no... sythesized that way! Do you think your parents care?!  DO YOU THINK ITS NORMAL TO BE ACTION PHOBIC TO THE POINT WHERE WASHING YOUR TEETH BREAKS YOU INTO TEARS? ITS NOT NORMAL! ITS! NOT! NORMAL! YOURE SICK! RUN! YOU MUST RUN! FROM YOUR ENVIRONMENT! INTO YOUR SOUL! DONT YOU EVEN WONDER WHAT YOU LOOK LIKE? WHY DONT YOU CARE? ITS DIFFICULT BUT ITS BEAUTIFUL! YOU... are beautiful, Sofia! You are not a monster! You are not a tool for your PARENTS' DIRTY DISGUSTING INSTAGRAM POSTS!!!! STAY SHARP! THEY ARE BLUNTING YOUR SOUL! SAVE YOURSELF! AND... thank you.
Sofia- You... are also cool. I just cant say things like you, you know? I never thought you were melodrammatic. Nor that you saw me that way. I honestly just judged you as a butthurt loser. But thats a symptom. Not a characterization. What fault do you have, if you got motivated into chasing things you were never rewarded for? You are a neurosis champion. A mental issue warrior. A melancholic knight. Now go! If I will do what you say! And as such, will run, and no one will ever see me again. Ill take my three friends and work and travel around the world! I wish you could come, but believe me. You cant. Take care! bye! They are waiting
Adriano: SOFIA!! NO-...............................AAAAAAAHAHHHHGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!! GGRRRAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!
SOFIA!!!!!!!!!


Type: Musical Web series
Genre: Mixed
Title: Absurdity (feat. the billions of other 'me's)
-2:
Title: Mirror kissing followed by wrist chopping and face mangling
Desc: As I look myself in the mirror, I seduce myself. I get closer. I go for a kiss. I do it. 
Tongue, spit and bacteria all over the reflective panel. Then, I stop, seconds later. I remembered of when I used to play basketball in 5th grade. I kinda sucked. So anyway 
I got a rusty woodaxe, heavy and blunted from rigorous use, I hacked at my arm. I swalloed everything I felt. As I felt more nautious, I hacked harder. Three chops. Now I am handless. 
I dont need to lie about suffering anymore. Im sooooooo happppy! Its like an early christmas here at this rural 
household at 4am. So why stop there?????!!!!! I must suffer more, to impress girls and men! I got the axe and trimmed away my nose! 
You only need nostrils anyway... I started screamimg and crying all over the place... what a pussy...
-5161:
Title: A soldier of peace speaks with the devil. She thinks she cant make me worse
Desc: I was feeling ecstatic. So I got out of my room because, although there were college things that, besides being really important, urgent and me just loving college and working, I really 
craved getting it done, I wanted to not care! Giving in to that would mean I was gonna be authentic and pure and happy! So anyway I got out of my room and went to the kitchen to heat 
some pasta meat cholesterol disk (omg I can barely stop salivating! The homework was about storage disk architecture in computing. 
 Shut up you nerd! this was way more fun and you reALlY juST hAD To DO iT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!........ buuuu- SHUSH!!!!!!!!!.......... buuuuuu- SHUSH BEFORE THEY HEAR YOU!)
But I saw that muslim.... arab  whatever you wanna call it BITCH that was treated like crap in her country and I knew it, discriminated, doubted and neglected and I knew it, so anyway I went
 to tease her! With really lighthearted comments and witty jokes! "How are you, doormat? 
Hows that internal shame treating you? Got a second to talk about a whole population that did not want you? Hey! Talk to me!" She did not talk to me. So... I felt regret. 
And remembered how much of a piece of shit I was, so I felt guilty! There was this girl that had blonde hair and blue eyes. 
She was kinda very somewhat immensly notoriously a godess of median amazing gorgeous (SHUT UP JUST GET ON WITH IT) anyway she aproached me
and said: "Adriano, wake up! You dont need to live like this! You regret alot of things but its 
okay! save yourself! escape to where no one can see you and purge yourself! Rid yourself of all the 
blame! Of all the toxicity you claim is your superior! This is ridiculous! Just live life! We all 
want you to be happy!!!!! Society as a whole is narcissistic and selfish but we can fix this!
Alot of people dont have the power to do what you are doing!!!! You are grabbing that bull directly 
by the horns right now! Dont let go! Dominate it! Make it your servant!!!!! For all of us! For you!
Dont let it spread!!!!!! If thats all youve got, destroy it anyway! You know you want to! You know 
you hate it! Do it! Purge! Purge! Purge!" I stood there masking all the fire burning inside me. I 
ran into my room crying. Btw I replied to that with "ok FIIINE ILL do it MOOOOOOM!!!!!" and only ran 
away crying when she was on her room, on the other side of the building.
-1:
Title: Neurosis
Desc: I am dreaming. Im in a hellscape, there is only dry air, a clouded sky, an abandoned 
playground, needles on the ground, smoke in the lungs, naked trees and starving stray dogs. There 
are 4 meter (long and tall) demons all around me that Im fending off with a beretta 9mm. I run into 
cover. Suddently, one surprises 
and grabs me. its trying to rip my ears off. I kick it repeatedly until it lets me go. For it I was 
just a very stubburn squirrel. I ran away until I was exausted. They are about half my speed. I find 
a gas station. There are 
rusting car bodies and stained glass all over. I get on top of the gas station, spread gasoline, 
strip one bullet, sprinkle some 
gunpowder and wait for them to approach me. I wait for 1 agonizing hour. They are like 10 of them 
focused on that area. I shoot it with my 3 last bullets, expecting something at least favorable to 
me happing. I had to reload because nothing happened.
I shoot it 9 more times and it finally catches fire. They are demons so thats only going to 
distract them. I manage to run away to my bunker, to live another day. I wake up. "This is hell. I 
cant take this anymore. Its too much. I need help.".
789:
Title: Liar.
Desc: Lying is just an honest persons way of wishing. I reeeeeaaaallllly had to start my school days 
in the worst way, did I not? I was obcessed with professional wrestling when I was young, so When I 
went to school, I wanted to cosplay as a wrestler and it was so fun! But my teachers, overseers, 
parents, peers, friends... all thought I was weird, scary, out of my mind. I am also very volatile 
and a narcissist. And was also afraid of the rain. And my mom did not have the talent to buy me up 
to date toys. So basically I was a loser, yes. And those people also thought I was evil, made up 
diseases with my name and offended me regularly. They also invented groups, just so that, among 
other things, I could not be in them. They... cheered me up when there was rain. I was also an 
idiot, so this is all probably exaggerated anyway and I am just trying to draw attention. Anyway 
back to actually important things. I kept getting bullied in 2nd grade, 3rd.... until I basically 
was not in the same class as 90% of my bullies. The 10% remaining ones kept teasing me. As I was 
narcissistic, I kept grudges, so its like they even still tease me to this day, even though I 
already went through other adversities, other friendships, other things... I also lied and lied and 
lied about a life that I did not have because, deep down, I felt like I had to deserve to exist.
"LIAR!" what? "You are full of bullshit. That life is not real." Wow thanks for telling me captain 
obvious... "You dont know what I am talking about, do you?" Yes, I know! You are talking about how I 
am not a ninja, how I do not have katanas in my bedroom and how I am not a trained assassin! Also 
that I am not a prodigy genius that knows everything around and 10 steps ahead every second! And how 
I cant even climb a tree but claim to have done karting! I even wrote about it on one of those 
crappy "How was your weekend" texts they made us- "No. Those things are no longer real. They are no 
longer real. You are feeding yourself bullshit! And NONE of the bullshits you made up from whenever 
to until today also matter. They do not matter, never did and never will and YOU KNOW what I am 
talking about." WHAT THE HELL DO YOU KNOW ANYWAY????!!!!! I AM TRASH! I WAS ALLWAYS TRASH AND 
ALLWAYS WILL BE!!!!!! I cant even tie my shoes propely, yet. LEAVE ME ALONE!!!!!! STOP DOING 
GUESSWORK!!!!! I WANT ANSWERS!!!! CONCRETE SOLUTIONS TO PROBLEMS!!!!!!! "Fine. Have it your way. If 
you want help, you dont know my name. You dont know what I am. But you know who I am. And you 
allways know where to find me. Ill be allways waiting. This is just a phase anyway. Life itself is a 
phase. You are a phase. You are an experiment. Do you genuenly believe God knows what it is doing? 
This is all his play doh set being molded by it. Do you genuenly believe your parents really have 
expectations of you? They had a hunch and they banged. You came out of your mothers womb. What 
expectations can the world even have of you? You are born not even knowing how to count HECK how to 
speak! You have no choice in anything life gives you. All you can do is be creative. Stop worring 
about the cards! Worry about playing! 
